<div>


		
	
	
		
VisR: Silent helper to Organize Visual memories of Events – Ramesh Jain





		
		
img.wp-smiley,
img.emoji









 










	
	
				
				
	
		
								
						
			
				
			
										
		Search
		
	
						
							
																		 
								
									Ramesh Jain								
							
														Entrepreneur, Researcher, and Teacher
																
				
			
		
		
		
	
					About Ramesh

	News
	Events


Towards Weaving the Visual Web
Research

	Books
	Patents
	Presentations
	Projects
	Research Papers
	
		Computer Vision
		Experiential Computing
		Multimedia Information Management
	



Teaching

	Current Courses
	Past Courses


Entrepreneurship

	Current Companies
	Past Companies


Partners

	Current Students
	Past Students
	Collaborators


Professional/Social

	Services
	Recognitions
	Interviews


Personal

	Affiliations
	Education
	Favorite Books
	Favorite Quotes


Digital India: A potentially transformative opportunity
Navigation
					 		
				
		
				


	


   	
		

			
			
    			
    				VisR: Silent helper to Organize Visual memories of Events    			
  			

  			
  			
  			
    			VisR has new version available on Android phones.  The new version works effortlessly on your android mobile phones.  Even if you don’t take photos using VisR, but other cameras — including the native camera — that put photos in the gallery of the phone, VisR will organize them in events, will allow you to search them based on type of events, people, places, and dates.  You can also edit events and annotate them.  The system helps you even when you did not use it to take and organize photos explicitly.  It acts like your personal butler — always working for you.  You can also share events (all or some photos) on facebook, twitter, or using email.  VisR is for sharing Visual Events, not just photos.
This system is also supported by the back end where all your shared photos are collected and you can share them with any body.  Photos from all users will also be available there and you could visualize them based on multiple search criteria.  
And the system is currently in its very early version.  All capabilities will be refined soon and new powerful introduced.  So if you have an android, download it from marketplace and enjoy.   For iPhone users, please wait for a bit more.
(Disclaimer:  I am a co-founder of mChron, whis is behind VisR.)
							
								Tagged on: event sharing, photo management, photo sharing							
							  			
  				        			
    			
    				By Ramesh |
    				August 21, 2011 |
    				             		Entrepreneurism, Experiential Computing |
             	 
    				             		3 Comments |
             	 		          				
    			
    		

  						
				← Ancient Photo Gallery in Modern Phones
				Micro-blogs and blogs →
			
		


	
			
			3 thoughts on “VisR: Silent helper to Organize Visual memories of Events”		

		
				
		
			
				Praveesh January 24, 2012 at 2:37 am			

			
			
				This is really a new information. When will this technology be released worldwide?
							

			
							
		
	
	
		
			
				Rooby G January 26, 2012 at 1:47 am			

			
			
				Awesome app I’ve always wanted an app that organizes my pictures, now i’ve found it. You’ve saved my life VIsR !
							

			
							
		
	
	
		
			
				Anna Damaris February 2, 2012 at 5:21 am			

			
			
				VisR seems to me would work more than a personal organizer. Thanks!
removals and storage Brisbane
							

			
							
		
	
		

		
	
		
		Leave a Reply Cancel reply			
				Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 

			
			
	

		
	




	





	   

	   
	   	
	   
	   
			



				
			
				
			
			Copyright © 2018 Ramesh Jain |  Theme by: Theme Horse |  Powered by: WordPress
			Back to Top		
	   
			

	

	 




</div>