<div>html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"&gt;

                graduation and beyond @ the bren school of information and computer sciences
                
                
                
                





 








      


         #school_header


         #school_link


         #uci_link


      



      

         

         

      









    

                
            
                
                
                
                    ABOUT

                    
                    
                        About the School
                        Dean's Welcome
                        Facts and Figures
                        Donald Bren Hall
                        Visit the Bren School
                        Equity &amp; Diversity
                        Contact Us
                        
                                   
                
                
                
                
                     DEPARTMENTS 
                    

                    
                        Computer Science
                        Informatics
                        Statistics
                                   
                
                
                
                
                     RESEARCH 
                
                
                    
                        Research Areas
                        Research Centers
                        Research Highlights
                    
                
                
                
                
                
                
                    EDUCATION
                    

                    
                        Graduate ▸ 
                        
                            
                            Prospective Students
                            How to Apply
                            Programs of Study
                            Academic Year Plan
                            Forms
                            Policies
                            Funding &amp; Housing
                            Computing Support
                            Campus Resources
                            Visit the Bren School
                            Graduate Student Handbook
                            Contact
                            

                        
                        
                        Undergraduate ▸ 
                        
                            
                            Contact
                            Academic Advising
                            Course Updates
                            Academic Year Plan
                            Petitions
                            ICS Majors
                            ICS Minors

                            Policies: Academic Integrity
                            Policies: Academic Standing
                            Policies: Add, drop, &amp; change options
                            Policies: Coursework outside UCI
                            Policies: Grade policy
                            Policies: Laptop &amp; computer use
                            Policies: Withdrawal/Readmission
                            Policies: CS 199 / IN4MATX 199 Courses

                              Graduation
                              ICS Student Life
                              Upcoming Events
                              Computing Support
                              
                           
                        

                        
                        Prospective Undergrad


                        Scholarships &amp; Fellowships
                        
                                                    
                                   
                

    
                
                    
                    PEOPLE                      
                    
                
                    
                        Faculty
                        Staff
                        Graduate Students
                        Alumni
                       
                
                                
                
                 
                
                    NEWS &amp; EVENTS
                    
                    
                    
                        Newsroom
                        Events
                        Press Releases
                        Annual Reports
                        Student Blogs
                       
                

                
                
                    GET INVOLVED
                
                
                    
                    
                            Make a Gift
                            Leadership Council
                            Corporate Partners
                            Sponsor Projects
                            Product Development Competition
                            ZotLink Jobs &amp; Internships
                            
                                   
                


                 
                                 

            

 url('/bin/icssearchstyle/css/icssearch.css');




            




    










    

Bren school home &gt; Undergraduate


  
Graduation and Beyond









Congratulations to our2016-17 Honors and Awards recipients!




» Graduation Requirements
You must meet the following requirements:

University: completion of all University Requirements as outlined in the General Catalogue.
School and Major: completion of all courses required for your School and Major
Units: credit for a minimum of 180 quarter units.
GPA: 

2.0 GPA cumulative
2.0 GPA in your major
2.0 GPA in the upper-division courses in your major.




Senior Residency: 36 of the final 45 units completed for the bachelor’s degree must be earned in residence at the UCI campus  (exceptions include courses taken through the Education Abroad Program, the UCDC Academic Internship Program, or the UC Center Sacramento Scholar Intern Program).

If you have any questions about requirements or your degree audit, please meet with a peer advisor or an academic counselor as soon as possible. You should be getting graduation checks at least twice a year as a senior.
Please be aware, however, that students are ultimately responsible for making sure they are on track and indeed meet all graduate requirements.
 
» Applying for Graduation
Graduation is not automatic! You must submit the online Application for Graduation, which is found on Student Access.
Review your degree audit carefully to make sure you will meet all University, Breadth, School and Major requirements. If there is a discrepancy or error, meet with a peer advisor immediately. Do not send an e-mail.
When you fill out the application, be sure to indicate minors, concentrations and specializations that you may be completing. Please also ensure that your diploma notification address and telephone number are correct.
Once the online Application has been submitted, only a Bren School academic counselor may make changes to it.
ALL courses must be completed by the end of the quarter in which you intend/apply to graduate.
NOTE: If you submit an application for graduation past the deadline listed for the quarter above, it will be moved to the following quarter.
The graduation application deadlines for ICS are as follows:




FALL 
GRADUATION

Friday of Week 8 of Summer Session 10



WINTER 
GRADUATION

Friday of Week 8 of Fall quarter



SPRING 
GRADUATION

Friday of Week 8 of Winter quarter



SUMMER 
GRADUATION


Friday of Week 8 of Spring quarter






»Commencement and Honors 
Commencement: Visit the official website of the UCI Commencement Office for full information
Latin Honors: No more than 12% of  seniors graduating during an academic year (summer to spring) will receive Latin honors:

1 percent summa cum laude
3 percent magna cum laude
8 percent cum laude

Selection is based on the School’s winter quarter, rank-ordered grade point averages. ICS conducts a holistic review process for latin honors. The following criteria are considered and are not limited to:

UC GPA
Major GPA
Units in residence
Number of units taken for P/NP option
Academic excellence
No academic integrity infractions
Must file a graduation application by the Friday of Week 8 of the quarter before you intend to graduate.

For example, if you intend to graduate in Spring, you must submit a graduation application by Week 8 of Winter quarter prior to Spring.


Must be able to verify completion of all course work by the end of spring of the academic year you intend to graduate
Must be officially declared as a Bren School of ICS major
Seventy-two (72) quarter units in residence at a UC campus must be completed by the end of winter quarter of the academic year you intend to graduate
Any corrections to your academic record must be processed by the Registrar's Office by March of the intended graduation year.

Note: latin honors designations are finalized after Spring grades are determined. Students who are eligible for latin honors based on Winter grades may see their designation go up, down, or off the latin honors scale.
Summer graduates participating in the June commencement ceremony prior to their date of graduation are not eligible for honors for that academic year; they will instead be considered for the following academic year.
 
» Transcript and Diploma 
Degrees are posted to official transcripts approximately six to seven weeks after the end of the quarter in which they are conferred. 
Diplomas will be available approximately four months after the quarter in which the degree was awarded.  The Registrar’s Office will notify you by mail when your diploma is available. More information is available on the Registrar's website.
Upon graduation, academic records may not be changed. It is your responsibility to check the accuracy of your academic record, and to resolve all I and NR grades, before you graduate.
And After Graduation...





More Undergraduate »

Contact
Academic advising
Course updates
Academic year plan
ICS majors

Double major
2nd baccalaureate


ICS minors
Petitions
Policies

Academic honesty
Academic standing
Add, drop, &amp; change options
Coursework outside UCI
Grade policy
Laptop &amp; computer use
Withdrawal/Readmission
CS 199 / IN4MATX 199


Graduation
ICS student life
Upcoming events
Computing support

Quick Links 
        

Copyright Inquiries | UCI Directory | Intranet | icswebmaster




</div>