<div>!DOCTYPE html&gt;









Interviewing | MCS ICS








		
		
img.wp-smiley,
img.emoji












 






body.custom-background








	
		
			

				
					
					



					

					



					
						
    Search for:
    
    
    
    					


				
			
		
		





			
				Menu
				Skip to content
				About


	Overview
	Curriculum
	Course Descriptions
	MCS vs. MSCS



Prospective Students


	Admissions Requirements
	Application Process
	Cost and Financial Aid



Current Students


	Once Admitted


		Graduate checklist



	Course Outline
	MCS Grade Policy
	Resources


		Forms
		Policies
		gradhandbook






Career


	Career Planning
	Personal Branding &amp; Marketing
	Interviewing
	Finding a Job / Internship
	Additional Skills &amp; Resources
	International Students



Contact Us


	Staff
	Faculty
	Advisory Board



FAQ

				
				
								 
                

			





		
	


	

		

	
		
		
									
		
		
	
		
			
Congratulations on being selected for an interview!  If you’re at this stage of the application process, you have succeeded in convincing an employer to invest time in meeting you.
Now, it is time for you to prepare to answer questions on the spot and articulate what makes you a truly compelling candidate.  Remember, our first answer to any question is generally not the best answer.  So don’t let your first interview be your first time actually answering interview questions, which may include:





General/Informational Questions – To assess your overall experience &amp; cultural fit
Technical Questions – To assess your tech knowledge, coding skills, problem solving &amp; analytical ability
Behavioral Questions – To assess your past experience &amp; behaviors to determine potential to succeed





Here are a few tips on how to better prepare:





Write out your answers to frequently asked questions.
Practice saying your responses out loud.
Practice with friends and classmates, or schedule an appoint with me!
Ask for feedback on the content and organization of your answers (completeness, level of detail, how easy to follow) and your presentation style (pace, voice quality/tone, energy, posture, eye contact, hand gestures).
Film or record your responses and review your performance. Be sure to observe your non-verbal communication/body language.





Here are a few resources to help you prepare:
+    Interview Techniques (by UCI Career Center)
+    MCS Mock Interview Questions
+    Behavioral Questions – Interview – Success Stories Worksheet
Technical Interviews
As a MCS student applying to tech positions, you should expect that all, if not most, of your interviews will be purely technical, or include a technical component.  You can expect questions that:





Relate to specific knowledge about the company’s technical activities;
Relate to understanding technical work required to be completed as part of the job applied for;
Relate to work completed as part of a degree course (if it relates to job); and/or
Solve actual technical problems that you would likely face if employed.





Because technical questions vary depending on your interviewer, it is important that you are ALWAYS writing code, practicing how to implement data structures and algorithms, etc.
Check out the following resources to help you practice:
+ Cracking the Coding Interview Cheat Sheet (by CareerCup.com)
+ Interviewing.io (free practice with engineers)
+ Interview Cake (subscribe to get a free weekly practice problem)
+ Reference Google’s Technical Development Guide
 
		


		
	

	
	

		
			
			


				
						
				

				
						
				


				
					
					Feedback
Privacy Policy
					© 2018 UC Regents
				

				



				

			

		

	








 






</div>