<div>!DOCTYPE html&gt;



Department of Statistics - Donald Bren School of Information &amp; Computer Sciences – Department of Statistics - Donald Bren School of Information &amp; Computer Sciences
		
		

		
			.slide-excerpt
			.slide-excerpt
			.slide-excerpt
			.flexslider
			.slide-image
		
		
			@media only screen
			and (min-device-width : 320px)
			and (max-device-width : 480px)
			}
		 




		
		
img.wp-smiley,
img.emoji

















Department of Statistics - Donald Bren School of Information &amp; Computer SciencesDepartment of Statistics - Donald Bren School of Information &amp; Computer Sciences
Explore

	Chair’s Welcome
	What is Statistics?
	Seminar Series
	UCI Center for Statistical Consulting
	Contact the Department
	Tutoring Resources


Faculty

	Faculty Directory
	Job Opportunities


Research
Graduate Degrees

	M.S. &amp; Ph.D. in Statistics
	Current Course Listings
	Graduate Student Directory


Undergraduate Degrees

	B.S. in Data Science
	Minor in Statistics
	Current Course Listings



		
			
				
										

											
							
							
																Statistics Department Welcomes Two New Faculty for 2017
															
						
					
						
												
											

					
									

											
							
							
																Gillen Furthers Healthcare Research with Two NIH Grants
															
						
					
						
												
											

					
								
			
		


Welcome
Since 2002, UCI’s Department of Statistics has continued to grow as a leader in creating statistical methodology for use in data science applications. With an emphasis on research in statistical theory and interdisciplinary collaborations, the department has grown over the years to house the Center for Statistical Consulting, providing statistical expertise through collaborative relationships with researchers across the campus and community, and was one of the first in the world to offer an undergraduate degree in data science. Explore the statistics website to learn more about our accomplishments and how you can become part of our community.
Job Opportunities
For a listing of current academic positions open in the Statistics Department, visit the Academic Recruitment website.

Statistics Seminar Series
Thursday, Feb. 8 at 4 p.m.
Donald Bren Hall 6011Erik Erhardt
Associate Professor, Department of Mathematics and Statistics
University of New Mexico
Visualizing Scientific Data

Check out our full schedule of speakers here »

				Latest News
		
											
					Minin Co-Edits Special Section on Infectious Diseases in Statistical Science
											February 12, 2018
									
											
					Lakeland Times: “Autism numbers spike: The latest call to action” (Stern quoted)
											January 22, 2018
									
											
					Utts Discusses “Statistics for Good Governance” at International Conference in Sri Lanka
											January 18, 2018
									
											
					2018 ICS Projects and Predictions
											January 16, 2018
									
											
					New Faculty Spotlight: Statistics Professor Vladimir Minin is Pleased to Join Growing Community
											October 30, 2017
									
					
		
			News Archive

		
			

				
						
				

				
					
					   © 2018 UC Regents
					   Feedback
					   Privacy Policy
					
				

			
	



</div>