<div>html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"&gt;

                ics student opportunities @ the bren school of information and computer sciences
                
                
                
                





 








      


         #school_header


         #school_link


         #uci_link


      



      

         

         

      









    

                
            
                
                
                
                    ABOUT

                    
                    
                        About the School
                        Dean's Welcome
                        Facts and Figures
                        Donald Bren Hall
                        Visit the Bren School
                        Equity &amp; Diversity
                        Contact Us
                        
                                   
                
                
                
                
                     DEPARTMENTS 
                    

                    
                        Computer Science
                        Informatics
                        Statistics
                                   
                
                
                
                
                     RESEARCH 
                
                
                    
                        Research Areas
                        Research Centers
                        Research Highlights
                    
                
                
                
                
                
                
                    EDUCATION
                    

                    
                        Graduate ▸ 
                        
                            
                            Prospective Students
                            How to Apply
                            Programs of Study
                            Academic Year Plan
                            Forms
                            Policies
                            Funding &amp; Housing
                            Computing Support
                            Campus Resources
                            Visit the Bren School
                            Graduate Student Handbook
                            Contact
                            

                        
                        
                        Undergraduate ▸ 
                        
                            
                            Contact
                            Academic Advising
                            Course Updates
                            Academic Year Plan
                            Petitions
                            ICS Majors
                            ICS Minors

                            Policies: Academic Integrity
                            Policies: Academic Standing
                            Policies: Add, drop, &amp; change options
                            Policies: Coursework outside UCI
                            Policies: Grade policy
                            Policies: Laptop &amp; computer use
                            Policies: Withdrawal/Readmission
                            Policies: CS 199 / IN4MATX 199 Courses

                              Graduation
                              ICS Student Life
                              Upcoming Events
                              Computing Support
                              
                           
                        

                        
                        Prospective Undergrad


                        Scholarships &amp; Fellowships
                        
                                                    
                                   
                

    
                
                    
                    PEOPLE                      
                    
                
                    
                        Faculty
                        Staff
                        Graduate Students
                        Alumni
                       
                
                                
                
                 
                
                    NEWS &amp; EVENTS
                    
                    
                    
                        Newsroom
                        Events
                        Press Releases
                        Annual Reports
                        Student Blogs
                       
                

                
                
                    GET INVOLVED
                
                
                    
                    
                            Make a Gift
                            Leadership Council
                            Corporate Partners
                            Sponsor Projects
                            Product Development Competition
                            ZotLink Jobs &amp; Internships
                            
                                   
                


                 
                                 

            

 url('/bin/icssearchstyle/css/icssearch.css');




            




    










    

Bren school home &gt; Undergraduate &gt; Student resources


  
Undergraduate Student Resources




Opportunities for ICS Students
As members of the UCI community, all ICS students have access to a wide range of campus resources (a partial list of which can be viewed here). In addition to these, there are also opportunities for engagement and enrichment geared specifically towards ICS students.
ICS students are encouraged to complement their academics with extra-curricular activities such as research or joining a student organization.  Benefits of this include, but are not limited to: networking with other students, faculty and companies; participating in social activities; forming study groups and friendships; attending various workshops and presentations; gaining deeper experience and knowledge of your chosen field; and more.
 
» Campus Engagement

ICS student organizations
Other student organizations 

» ICS Theme Housing
The Arroyo Vista theme house provides informal, academic and social functions for students interested in the field of information and computer science. The goals of this house are to expose residents to faculty, alumni and businesspersons in the information and computer sciences field.
Activities include:

visits to corporations
opportunities to participate in symposiums and workshops centering on academic success
community and career opportunities
preparation for graduate/professional schools and learning skills
social activities

The house is open to all students with an interest in information and computer sciences.
 
» Honors Opportunities
Students may apply to be in the ICS Honors Program during Spring quarter if they meet certain academic criteria and have the support of faculty.  Benefits of being in the ICS Honors Program include networking with other ICS Honors students, conducting research with a faculty mentor, and working on a thesis.

Bren School of ICS Honors Program
Campuswide Honors Program

 
» Research Opportunities
All Bren ICS majors are encouraged to take advantage of this valuable experience. Faculty advertise many research opportunities every year.

Independent Study: Enroll in an independent study (199 course number) under a faculty advisor unit credit
Summer Undergraduate Research Internship in Computer Science:This program provides an opportunity for select students to spend 8-10 weeks in the summer working with faculty on a research project.
UC LEADS: This program offers educationally or economically disadvantaged sophomore students (or juniors planning on staying a complete fifth year) in science, technology, engineering or mathematics programs an opportunity to begin research training at the very beginning of their junior year
UROP: The Undergraduate Research Opportunities Program encourages and facilitates research and creative activities by undergraduates from all schools and academic disciplines at UCI. Programs include SURP, SURF-IT, MDP, and others.

 
» ICS Scholarships 
To search for some available scholarships, students should visit the resources below.

ICS Scholarships
To search for more scholarships, visit the Financial Aid and Scholarships website.

 
» Jobs for Students
To search for available technical jobs and internships, students can visit the resources below.

UCI Career Center Handshake

Non-technical internships and opportunities are also available and listed here.





More Undergraduate »

Contact
Academic advising
Course updates
Academic year plan
ICS majors

Double major
2nd baccalaureate


ICS minors
Petitions
Policies

Academic honesty
Academic standing
Add, drop, &amp; change options
Coursework outside UCI
Grade policy
Laptop &amp; computer use
Withdrawal/Readmission
CS 199 / IN4MATX 199


Graduation
ICS student life
Upcoming events
Computing support

Quick Links 
        

Copyright Inquiries | UCI Directory | Intranet | icswebmaster




</div>